README.md, before:

# SVG to Compose
A command-line tool for convert SVG to Android Jetpack Compose Icons.

## Why?
We usually use Android Vector drawables to display icons on Android apps.

With the addition of Jetpack Compose, we don't use XML to write views and we can use all the power of Kotlin to speed-up the view development process.

With that in mind, what if we could also avoid using our old approach to import icons to our project, and now rely on `ImageVector`s and creating the icons using Kotlin, following the same approach that is made for all Material Icons, from Google.

There are a few plugins available to make that so, but usually they doesn't optmize the svg first before converting it to Jetpack Compose Icons.

This library adds that functionallity.

## Installation
As this is just a shell script, the installation is very simple:
1. Download the s2c script in this repository and save it in any place of your computer
2. Give execution permission to the script:
```sh
chmod +x s2c
```
3. If you want to run the script from anywhere, you might need to add it to your path, in your `~/.bashrc`, `~/.zshrc`, `~/.zshenv`, or `~/.profile`:
```sh
export PATH=<s2c path>:$PATH
```
Replacing `<s2c path>` to the folder's path where you stored the script

### Dependencies
This script relies in three others to perform the optimization:
- [SVGO](https://github.com/svg/svgo): Optmizes the SVG reducing the paths.
```sh
npm -g install svgo
```
- [SVG2VectorDrawable](https://github.com/Ashung/svg2vectordrawable): Converts the SVG to a Android Vector.
```sh
npm install -g svg2vectordrawable
```
- [Avocado](https://github.com/alexjlockwood/avocado): Optimizes Android VectorDrawable (VD) and AnimatedVectorDrawable (AVD) xml files.
```sh
npm -g install avocado
```

If you don't want to optimizes the SVG before converting it, you can just disable the optimization using the parameter `-opt` or `--optimize` passing `false`


## Use in command-line
Convert a SVG to a Compose Icon:
```sh
s2c -o OutputIconFile.kt -p your.app.package.icon -t YourAppComposeTheme input.svg
```

Help for advance usage:
```sh
s2c --help
```

Disabling SVG optimization:

```sh
s2c -o OutputIconFile.kt -p your.app.package.icon -t YourAppComposeTheme --optmize false input.svg
```

# License
MIT

Commit message:

doc: add LICENSE link to readme

README.md, after:

# SVG to Compose
A command-line tool for convert SVG to Android Jetpack Compose Icons.

## Why?
We usually use Android Vector drawables to display icons on Android apps.

With the addition of Jetpack Compose, we don't use XML to write views and we can use all the power of Kotlin to speed-up the view development process.

With that in mind, what if we could also avoid using our old approach to import icons to our project, and now rely on `ImageVector`s and creating the icons using Kotlin, following the same approach that is made for all Material Icons, from Google.

There are a few plugins available to make that so, but usually they doesn't optmize the svg first before converting it to Jetpack Compose Icons.

This library adds that functionallity.

## Installation
As this is just a shell script, the installation is very simple:
1. Download the s2c script in this repository and save it in any place of your computer
2. Give execution permission to the script:
```sh
chmod +x s2c
```
3. If you want to run the script from anywhere, you might need to add it to your path, in your `~/.bashrc`, `~/.zshrc`, `~/.zshenv`, or `~/.profile`:
```sh
export PATH=<s2c path>:$PATH
```
Replacing `<s2c path>` to the folder's path where you stored the script

### Dependencies
This script relies in three others to perform the optimization:
- [SVGO](https://github.com/svg/svgo): Optmizes the SVG reducing the paths.
```sh
npm -g install svgo
```
- [SVG2VectorDrawable](https://github.com/Ashung/svg2vectordrawable): Converts the SVG to a Android Vector.
```sh
npm install -g svg2vectordrawable
```
- [Avocado](https://github.com/alexjlockwood/avocado): Optimizes Android VectorDrawable (VD) and AnimatedVectorDrawable (AVD) xml files.
```sh
npm -g install avocado
```

If you don't want to optimizes the SVG before converting it, you can just disable the optimization using the parameter `-opt` or `--optimize` passing `false`


## Use in command-line
Convert a SVG to a Compose Icon:
```sh
s2c -o OutputIconFile.kt -p your.app.package.icon -t YourAppComposeTheme input.svg
```

Help for advance usage:
```sh
s2c --help
```

Disabling SVG optimization:

```sh
s2c -o OutputIconFile.kt -p your.app.package.icon -t YourAppComposeTheme --optmize false input.svg
```

# License
This software is released under the terms of the [MIT license](https://github.com/rafaeltonholo/svg-to-compose/blob/main/LICENSE).
